Betty the taxi driver: First we see the sights, then let's come to my place

Frank: Oh no, then we will have to go looking for Davey's girl

Betty: No, then up to my place. Where do you want to go first?

Frank: Well, my grandpa told me, Chip my boy, there'll come a time when you
leave home, and if you should ever see New York, be sure to see the
Hippodrome.

Betty: The Hippodrome!

Frank: Yeah, the Hippodrome

Betty: Did I hear right? Did you say the Hippodrome?
Frank Yes, you heard me right, yes, I said the Hippo.

Betty: (applies the brakes)

Frank: Hey what did you stop for?

Betty: It ain't there any more. They tore it down you know a dozen years
ago.

Frank: Oh, I wanted to see that Hippodrome.

Betty: Hey, what year is that guide book anyway?

Frank: Oh, 1905.

Betty: 19 hundred and 5, no wonder. Don't you realize that a big city like
this changes all the time? But there's one thing that doesn't change, kid.
Come up to my place.

Frank: No. My grandpa saw the girly show that will hold me hot and curly,
and told me the hottest show in town is of the Floradora Girl.

Betty: Floradora Girl!

Frank:Yes, the Floradora Girl.

Betty:Did I dig right, was that the Floradora Girl

Frank: Yes. You dug right, that was, that was the Flora..what stop for did
you hey?

Betty: You may not feel that way. That girly show folded up forty years
ago. Come up to my place.

Frank: No. My grandpa said I've seen New York in all its beauty and its
power from the city's highest spot, the famous Woolworth Tower

Betty: Woolworth Tower!

Frank: Yes, the Woolworth Tower

Betty: Hold up, Bozo, did you say the Woolworth Tower?.

Frank: Yes I said the Woolworth Tower.. What'd you stop for hey what?

Betty: It ain't the highest spot, not since the date they built the Empire
State. Let's go to my place.

Frank, (Betty): Let's go to Cleopatra's Needle. (Let's go to my place)
Let's see Wanamaker's store (Let's go to my place)
Let's go to Lindy's, go to Lucha's (go to my place)
Let's see Radio City and Harold's Square (go to my place)
Go to Rueben's (go to my place), go to Macy's (go to my place)
Go to Roxy's (go to my place), Gimbel's (my place)
Madison Square (My place), (Hippodrome!) (My place!)

Betty: Well, this it, my place.