Wherever we may be along about this time of year, our
Hearts become sentimental pilgrims and head for home. 

Because home is where we all discover that 
Christmas is one time of the year when we don't have to be wealthy to be rich. 
Some of us remember Christmas as the time when Dad gave us our first gold watch. 
Others remember it as the time when a charity organization 
Delivered a Christmas basket to the doorstep before dawn, 
So the neighbors wouldn't see and Mother wouldn't be embarrassed. 

But whether the hearth that cheered your family was a
Fireplace of marble or a kitchen stove of cast iron, 
You'll remember that your home was the richest place on earth, 
Warmed by the richest spirit on earth, the spirit of Christmas.
 
And that's why I've chosen this next song to sing as a Christmas song. 
It's not a carol, it's just a beautiful pathway of friendly 
And understanding music up which our hearts may travel 
As they make their Yuletide pilgrimage goin' home.

Goin' home, goin' home
I'm a'goin' home
Quiet-like, some still day
I'm a'goin' home

It's not far, just close by
Through an open door
Work all done, care laid by
Goin'ta fear no more

Mother's there, 'spectin' me
Father's waitin', too
Lots of folks gathered there
All the friends I knew

One of the most precious gifts we have throughout the
Year is one we often forget, the precious gift of freedom. 
Freedom to work, to play, to worship as we please. 

Freedom to decided how we'll handle our own future, 
Cause we can make our future and that of our families a secure one though saving. 
We can buy Savings Bonds to take care of that new home or an education for our kids. 
No one says we have to buy 'em, we want to buy 'em, 
Cause they're not only an investment in our own future, 
They're an investment in the finest country in the world. 

So let me urge you sincerely, as we look toward a new year, 
To plan for making it a secure year, for the regular purchase of US Savings Bonds. 
So long, everybody, and Merry Christmas.