Yeah!
They ain't ready for this one nephew (nah!)
Lil Jon (hey!) Snoop Dogg (uh-huh!)
Turn this shit up nigga! (let's go!)

[Chorus]
1800, I'm blunted, fa cert'
Geekin' on ya hoes, everybody here turnt
1800, I'm blunted, fa cert'
Geekin' on ya hoes, everybody here turnt
Well nigga I'm burnt, lil' mama what it do?
Yeah nigga I'm burnt, lil' mama what it do?
Shorty you burnt, lil' mama what it do?
If a nigga make a move, lil' mama comin' to

1800, I'm blunted, fa cert'
Snoop d-o-dub', pocket full of dubs
All my niggas dubs, rollin' on candy
Feelin' like meh, square bitches can't stand me
Hey! my niggas turnt up, I'm a beast bitch
West coast, I'm on the east bitch
When I'm in the place, the hoes lose it
They say they love me, and the music
The spot jerkin, they be gettin' low
She wanna roll, that's what I'm here fo'
I threw a grand up, and watch it come down
That ain't for you bitch, I like to hear the sound
Now put your hands up, I wanna see you work
She blew a kiss, I blew the purp'
I'm geeked up girl, I'm on my tip too
My niggas all on, and I'm a get you

[Chorus]

1800, I'm blunted, fa cert'
Snoop d-o-dub', I'm higher than a mug
Cameras goin' off all the chickens want hugs
And when I'm on the bill I fa' sho' fill the club
E'rybody know me, nigga I'm a star
Long beach Laker, see the faces in the car?
Pimpin' what it do, she poppin' like a pill
1800 then my hand made it spill
Your party on E, if snoopy don't come
You smoke about a zone, I smoke about a drum
Burnt in the club, my hands on her thigh
A east side nigga put his hood in the sky
She like what I say, I like what she do
Turn that ass around and drop it like a fool
I'm geeked up girl, I'm on my tip too
The homies all on, but I'm a get you

[Chorus]

1800, I'm blunted, fa cert'
Snoop d-o-dub', turn that shit up
I don't buy bub, tequila got me goin'
Burnt in the club, and e'rybody known
Nigga I'm a boss, I do what I do
Millionaire status, nigga who is you?
My locs on bright, baby look at me
She like how I talk, I get it from the p
Lil Jon did it, the party goin 'dumb
Put it in the air, listen to the drum
Snoop dogg said it, we gettin' turnt up
Swishers all around, gettin' burnt up
Look at how I do, I grab her by the waist
Whisper in her ear, then I touch her on the face
I'm geeked up girl, I'm on my tip too
E'rybody on, but I'm a get you (let's go!)

[Chorus]

Okay!