[W Ballz D.J.]
Oh y'all just want to do with out the beat
Uh well fuck it we gon' do it like this
On radio station mother fucking 187.4 bitch
W Ballz part two huh?
Peep game broadcasting
Provided by mother fucking emina huh?

[Daz Dillinger] (in background)
Enema!!!

[W Ballz D.J.]
Emena... not enema... Enema!
I'm saying it baby, I just said it low

[Daz] (in background)
In your ass

[W Ballz D.J.]
In your motherfucking asshole
Ok like this, we gon' clean it up like this, huh punk bitch

[Kurupt]
Man what a bitch, gangster shit
Paws scrap up the cement then bend
I never love me a ho
Just to remind y'all bitches in case you didn't know
I breaks fool all niggas, way cool all niggas
Fuck all y'all niggas, sawed off y'all niggas
And I'm quick to pull out
Gangster shit, tell a bitch to stick a dick in her mouth

[Daz Dillinger]
As I skip to my loo see walking, G talking
I'm a gangster cold hearted, sick dumb and retarted
Came up this far without a bullet proof vest (yeah)
Ran with the best, sport khaki's again
Always stay fresh won't settle for less
Looped out, said now 

[Soopafly]
Man these nigga on deck
Now it's the pimp of the crew, Soopafly coming through
I got a dick and a couple balls just to name a few
The D P locced out, niggas get choked out
Smoked out niggas and I'll fuck you with no doubt

[Tray Deee]
Gangster gangster tell me how you do it
It seems so simple like there was nothing to it
Ripping, sipping, dipping on the fluid
West Coast nigga, yeah we be the truest

Chorus: computer voice

Represent that Long Beach, Represent that L.B.C.
Represent that Long Beach, Represent that S.T.C
Represent that Long Beach, Represent that D.P.G.
Represent that Long Beach, Represent that P.A.C.

[Jayo Felony]
I had so much beef I should've fucked in my colon
But I sent them off deprived, with both their fucking eyes swollen 
Everything stolen, and it still risked rolling
niggas can't see me cause I kill shit blowing
I let loose like ain't no tomorrow with bomb beats 
A K 47 street
Quick to get ya, my lyrics like missiles to hit Hitler
Mother fucker stay up out my cool-Aid pitcher
You don't want to see my style like click click pow 
Make you bow to my wicked style, make you my child
The enemy want to diss nigga but how could he?
With hookers and hoodies with a bag full of goodies (what what what what?)
What?  Now take that for what it's worth
I terrorize your territory and take over your turf
All these niggas is rob, but they was soft as a nerf
Nasty as after birth they say ooh after the verse

[Snoop Dogg]
I'm commercial, universal with no rehearsal
And when I'm in the hood I'm just so controversial
niggas know me homey, the O G
West Coast Don I smash on anyone
On my daughter and my two sons, the set and my two guns
I move the dubs and let D move the 2 1's
Not to mention all my No Limit niggas now
We do it G style like big see Style

Chorus: computer voice

Represent that Long Beach, Represent that L.B.C.
Represent that Long Beach, Represent that S.T.C
Represent that L be	, Represent that D.P.G.
Represent that L be	, Represent that P.A.C.

[Snoop Dogg]
What what?
My freestyle worth about a ticket now
So to kick a style you gotta kick me down
Every nigga from the pound getting paid now
Hey now, big bow wow honey child
I ran a hundred miles through about a hundred styles
And now through with it, with nothing else to do with it
Roll it, blaze it, pass it, now you hit it
We's a D P G committee

[Kurupt]
[Snoop Dogg] fuck that bitch, Dat Nigga Daz fuck that bitch
That trick that goofy ass bitch
Soopafly, super high ruff cap slip
Fucking gangster shit 20 insane sixty crip
19th street crip, where the gangsters hang
It's a gang thang we all gang bang

[Daz Dillinger]
Hold up 			(Wait A Minute!!!)
All my niggas get	(Gangster With It!!!)
Tick tock		(Crip Walk)
And prepare to get ill when the gangsters talk (hey hey)
Sagging and flagging with the 7 tray rag
Smoking like a dragon with the 4 - 4 cannon
Be the last man standing whipping niggas at random
Gray and Blue bandanna's who riding is standard
So what y'all want to say?		(Huh, huh?)
What y'all want to do?		(Huh, what?)

[Butch]
You niggas tripping, while I'm steady dipping
Throw your clip in, since y'all all flipping
Rolling capers, while I'm getting papers
Tried to shake us, you know they caught the vapors
Everyone around is soon to see
Ain't nobody coming close to me
Keep hanging â??round and you'll believe

Chorus: computer voice

Represent that Long Beach, Represent that L.B.C.
Represent that Long Beach, Represent that S.T.C.
Represent that Long Beach, Represent that D.P.G.
Represent that Long Beach, Represent that P.A.C.
Represent that Long Beach, Represent that S.T.G.
Represent that Long Beach, Represent that D.P.G.
Represent that Long Beach, Represent that P.A.C.
Represent that Long Beach, Represent that Long Beach
Represent that...

[W Ballz D.J.]
Let's take it off like this bitch... bitch please...you ain't knowing
The broadcast is directed by motherfucking Snoop Doggy Dogg and his big nuts
If your not knowing, ya know!
We gon' kick it in your colon hole like this though
187.4 in your asshole like this
If your not knowing now your blowing...
Shabadoo huh?
We gonna kick it like this to the Eastside L.B.C.
Fuck I heard it was uh... D.P.G.